README.md, before:

# GOV.UK Infrastructure

## What's in this repo

The govuk-infrastructure repo contains Terraform modules for turning up an EKS Kubernetes cluster for GOV.UK.

Also included are reusable workflows for running the code scanning tools Rubocop, Brakeman and the CodeQL Static Application Security Tests (SAST).

### What's not in this repo

Helm charts for GOV.UK applications are in [alphagov/govuk-helm-charts](https://github.com/alphagov/govuk-helm-charts).

Base image definitions for GOV.UK Ruby apps are in [alphagov/govuk-ruby-images](https://github.com/alphagov/govuk-ruby-images/).

Some AWS services for GOV.UK are still configured using the legacy [alphagov/govuk-aws](https://github.com/alphagov/govuk-aws/) (public) and [alphagov/govuk-aws-data](https://github.com/alphagov/govuk-aws-data/) (private) repos.

## Usage

To install the [currently-used version of Terraform](terraform/.terraform-version):

```shell
brew install tfenv
cd terraform/
tfenv install
```

To use the code scans reusable workflow, add the following job to the jobs section of your CI workflow:

```yaml
codeql-sast:
  name: CodeQL SAST scan
  uses: alphagov/govuk-infrastructure/.github/workflows/codeql-analysis.yml@main
  permissions:
    security-events: write
```

## Working on this repo

We have some [recommended pre-commit hooks](.pre-commit-config.yaml). If
you're making changes to this repo, please [install the pre-commit
hooks](https://pre-commit.com/#install) on your machine.

See [alphagov/gds-pre-commit](https://github.com/alphagov/gds-pre-commit) for
more recommendations on using pre-commit.

## Documentation

See the [docs/](docs/) directory.

There are also docs in [terraform/docs/](terraform/docs/) and inline READMEs in some directories.

## Team

[GOV.UK Platform Engineering team](https://github.com/orgs/alphagov/teams/gov-uk-platform-engineering) looks after this repo. If you're inside GDS, you can find us in [#govuk-platform-engineering](https://gds.slack.com/channels/govuk-platform-engineering) or view our [kanban board](https://trello.com/b/u4FCzm53/).

## Licence

[MIT License](LICENCE)

Commit message:

Document reusable actions consistently.
It didn't make sense to have a usage example for just one of our many
reusable GitHub Actions in the top-level README, while not mentioning
that we even have a library of reusable actions in here.

Link to all the reusable actions/workflows from the top-level README
rather than only mentioning one of them.

README.md, after:

# GOV.UK Infrastructure

## What's in this repo

The govuk-infrastructure repo contains:

- [`terraform/`](terraform/): Terraform modules for turning up an Kubernetes
  cluster on EKS for GOV.UK.
- [`images/`](images/): Container image definitions for utilities such as the _toolbox_ image.
- [`.github/`](.github/): GitHub Actions and workflows used by other GOV.UK
  repos, for example release automation, test runners and security analysis
  tools.

### What's not in this repo

Helm charts for GOV.UK applications are in [alphagov/govuk-helm-charts](https://github.com/alphagov/govuk-helm-charts).

Base image definitions for GOV.UK Ruby apps are in [alphagov/govuk-ruby-images](https://github.com/alphagov/govuk-ruby-images/).

Some AWS services for GOV.UK are still configured using the legacy [alphagov/govuk-aws](https://github.com/alphagov/govuk-aws/) (public) and [alphagov/govuk-aws-data](https://github.com/alphagov/govuk-aws-data/) (private) repos.

## Usage

To install the [currently-used version of Terraform](terraform/.terraform-version):

```shell
brew install tfenv
cd terraform/
tfenv install
```

## Pre-commit hooks

We have some [recommended pre-commit hooks](.pre-commit-config.yaml). You need
to [install `pre-commit`](https://pre-commit.com/#install) for these to run.

## Documentation

See the [docs/](docs/) directory.

There are also docs in [terraform/docs/](terraform/docs/) and inline READMEs in some directories.

## Team

[GOV.UK Platform Engineering team](https://github.com/orgs/alphagov/teams/gov-uk-platform-engineering) looks after this repo. If you're inside GDS, you can find us in [#govuk-platform-engineering](https://gds.slack.com/channels/govuk-platform-engineering) or view our [kanban board](https://trello.com/b/u4FCzm53/).

## Licence

[MIT License](LICENCE)
