.github/ISSUE_TEMPLATE/user-story.md, before:

---
name: User Story
about: Capture a user story from stakeholders, ensuring a focus on user outcomes and clear communication.
title: ''
labels: user-story
assignees: ''

---

**User Need**

**As a** (type of user)
**I want** (some action)
**so that** (some result)

---

**Functional Requirements (What):**

- [ ]

**Non-Functional Requirements (How):**

- [ ]

---

**Acceptance Criteria:**

- [ ] The functional and non-functional requirements are fulfilled.
- [ ] Changes (if any) during delivery are reflected in this story.
- [ ] Impacted users have been notified or communicated with appropriately (e.g., change logs, Slack, documentation updates).

---

**User Communication Plan (if applicable):**

Describe briefly how users will be informed about the change (e.g., Slack message, email, platform announcement).

---

**Assumptions (optional):**

- 

---

**Risks and Mitigation (optional):**

- 

---

**Notes:**

(Add any additional context, links to diagrams, stakeholder interviews, etc.)

---

<!-- Field explanations:

As a (type of user): The role that the stakeholder or user plays (developer, project manager, security team, etc.).

I want (some action): The specific action, functionality, or change the user is requesting.

so that (some result): The benefit or reason behind the action.

Functional Requirements: What you are building — feature behaviours or system capabilities.

Non-Functional Requirements: How it should behave — performance, security, reliability, etc.

Acceptance Criteria: Clear, measurable conditions to verify the story is complete and valuable.

User Communication Plan: How users will be made aware of relevant changes or impacts (essential for user trust).

Assumptions: Important assumptions that inform how the story is delivered.

Risks and Mitigation: Risks associated with the story and how they will be handled.

Notes: Any other useful information. 

Tip: Update this story if the scope changes during delivery to maintain clarity for everyone.
-->

Commit message:

♻️ Merge requirements into single “What’s Needed” list
This came out change was the result of a Ways of Working session
the team. This update collapses the functional and non-functional
requirement sections into a single 'What’s Needed' list, adopting
friendlier language throughout so the template remains approachable
while still capturing both what a feature must do and the necessary
behaviours.

.github/ISSUE_TEMPLATE/user-story.md, after:

---
name: User Story
about: Capture a user story with clear outcomes and an easy-to-read list of what’s needed.
title: ''
labels: user-story
assignees: ''
---

**User Need**

**As a** (type of user)  
**I want** (some action)  
**so that** (some result)

---

### What’s Needed

List anything the solution must do or be (behaviour, performance, security, UX, etc.).

- [ ] 

---

### Acceptance Criteria

- [ ] Everything in **What’s Needed** is delivered.
- [ ] Any changes during delivery are reflected in this story.
- [ ] Impacted users have been informed appropriately (e.g. change logs, Slack, docs).

---

### User Comms Plan (if applicable)

Briefly describe how you’ll let users know about the change.

---

### Assumptions (optional)

- 

---

### Risks & Mitigation (optional)

- 

---

### Notes

(Add any extra context, links, diagrams, stakeholder interviews, etc.)

---

<!-- Field explanations:

As a (type of user): The role the stakeholder or user plays (developer, PM, security team, etc.).

I want (some action): The specific action, functionality, or change the user is requesting.

so that (some result): The benefit or reason behind the action.

What’s Needed: A single list covering both functional and non-functional aspects—what the feature must do and how it must behave (performance, security, reliability, etc.).

Acceptance Criteria: Clear, measurable conditions to verify the story is complete and valuable.

User Comms Plan: How users will be made aware of relevant changes or impacts.

Assumptions: Important assumptions informing delivery.

Risks & Mitigation: Risks associated with the story and how they will be handled.

Notes: Any other useful information.

Tip: Update this story if the scope changes during delivery to maintain clarity for everyone.
-->
