terraform/deployments/task-runner/README.md, before:

# Task runner

This project enables developers to run manual and scheduled tasks in ECS.

## Running a rake task

To run a one-off rake task, you must do something like the following:

Create a task definition using the terraform project (e.g. frontend app)

Run the task, with an override for the command:

```sh
aws ecs run-task --cluster task_runner --task-definition frontend \
--launch-type FARGATE --count 1 --started-by "Harry Potter" \
--network-configuration '{
  "awsvpcConfiguration": {
    "subnets": ["subnet-6dc4370b", "subnet-463bfd0e", "subnet-bfecd0e4"],
    "securityGroups": ["sg-0b873470482f6232d"],
    "assignPublicIp": "DISABLED"
  }
}' \
--overrides '{
  "containerOverrides": [{
    "name": "frontend",
    "command": ["bundle", "exec", "rake", "stats"]
  }]
}'
```

This specifies that we will re-use the task definition created by the frontend
app. All task definitions must be created in Terraform.

The task_runner cluster is used for grouping together tasks, to make it easy
to find rake tasks.

The `command` override enables developers to run anything they like within the
container.

The intent is to expose this interface somehow via a CLI to replace the
"Run Rake Task" Jenkins job:

```sh
gds run-task --app frontend --command "bundle exec rake stats"
```

The [Proposal for running rake tasks in AWS ECS Fargate][] has more details of
what this command will do.

[Proposal for running rake tasks in AWS ECS Fargate]: https://github.com/alphagov/govuk-replatforming-discovery-2020/pull/6

Commit message:

Update docs for creating new environment
We update the documentation following the spin-up of the new Integration
GOV.UK environment. In particular, we have specified:
1. dependant deployments before the main `govuk-publishing-platform`
   can be deployed.
2. manual secrets that our Concourse teams need and where to find them
3. manual secrets that some deployments need

In addition, we refactored the secrets used in `monitoring` deployment
to make it easier to identify the secrets that need to be set manually.

Ref:
1. [trello card](https://trello.com/c/lZQJKP1h/485-spin-up-in-integration)

terraform/deployments/task-runner/README.md, after:

# Task runner

This project enables developers to run manual and scheduled tasks in ECS.

## Applying

```shell
terraform init -backend-config <govuk_environment>.backend -reconfigure

terraform apply \
 -var-file ../variables/common.tfvars \
 -var-file ../variables/<govuk_environment>/common.tfvars
```

where:
`<govuk_environment>` is the GOV.UK environment where you want the changes to be
applied.

## Running a rake task

To run a one-off rake task, you must do something like the following:

Create a task definition using the terraform project (e.g. frontend app)

Run the task, with an override for the command:

```sh
aws ecs run-task --cluster task_runner --task-definition frontend \
--launch-type FARGATE --count 1 --started-by "Harry Potter" \
--network-configuration '{
  "awsvpcConfiguration": {
    "subnets": ["subnet-6dc4370b", "subnet-463bfd0e", "subnet-bfecd0e4"],
    "securityGroups": ["sg-0b873470482f6232d"],
    "assignPublicIp": "DISABLED"
  }
}' \
--overrides '{
  "containerOverrides": [{
    "name": "frontend",
    "command": ["bundle", "exec", "rake", "stats"]
  }]
}'
```

This specifies that we will re-use the task definition created by the frontend
app. All task definitions must be created in Terraform.

The task_runner cluster is used for grouping together tasks, to make it easy
to find rake tasks.

The `command` override enables developers to run anything they like within the
container.

The intent is to expose this interface somehow via a CLI to replace the
"Run Rake Task" Jenkins job:

```sh
gds run-task --app frontend --command "bundle exec rake stats"
```

The [Proposal for running rake tasks in AWS ECS Fargate][] has more details of
what this command will do.

[Proposal for running rake tasks in AWS ECS Fargate]: https://github.com/alphagov/govuk-replatforming-discovery-2020/pull/6
